Oh
hey square beers it's a girl Chris and
welcome to beauty MC squared in this
video I'm going to show you how I got
these luscious luscious luscious curls
on my RPG shows and read on my RPG show
unit it's a fat old fuel petal pickle
paddle pickup I can't even do that you
know it started off completely blonde
scared this not everyone but I fix that
problem and a little three dollar dark
brown Revlon hair color to the top and
all of my fear is just dissipated we
don't care about that we care about
these curls so if you guys want to see
how I got these rockin curls on my RPG
shell units keep watching for this
tutorial
all right you guys so I'm going to show
you how to get your hair from this to
this which is some beautiful gorgeous
curls but I am gonna talk to you a
little bit about the coloring process
that I did to my RPG shown unit I use
this Revlon color silk hair color and I
started off with an all pale blonde wig
that I was really scared of I applied
the dark brown dye to two to three
inches of the hair starting from the
roots and bringing the color down and
after it's been washed I allowed it to
air dry of course I did conditioned it
make sure you do that and this is how
the hair looks air dried I did not blow
dry it at all it's air dry this is the
natural texture it's a very very slight
way but it's more silky than not so
before we start doing the curling
process I like to section off my hair
into two to four sections but for right
now I'm just gonna do two sections one
in a ponytail holder and the other just
kind of on the other side over my
shoulder before we add any styling and
hot tools go ahead and add your heat
protected as normal and I just use a
small section of hair and gently wrapped
it around the barrel of the curling iron
so I'm going to stop for right now and
let you guys see how I'm wrapping the
curling iron around I'm wrapping the
hair around the curling iron and I just
kept it on for about three to five
seconds and just gently released it and
just continue that process until I'm
done with the first section of hair
[Music]
all right so now I'm going to add my
serum you can use argan oil any kind of
light serum that's going to give you a
nice shine and balance and body to your
hair I just use a little bit it looks
like a lot but I have a lot of hair on
my head and I just gently finger combed
it throughout my hair and that's pretty
much it that's the styling process a
little bit of heat protectant in a
little bit of oil but aside from that
very low-maintenance this is a closer
look at the RPG shell units I absolutely
love it
more information about the actual hair
is going to be in the information bar
below as usual definitely check that out
for any links and product listing and as
always thank you guys so much for
watching and I'll see you in the next
video
[Music]